What is Middleware? (Simple Idea)
Middleware is a function that runs between the request and the response in an Express application.
Middleware is powerful because it allows us to handle common logic like logging, authentication, and validation in one place.

Why Middleware?
1.Logging
console.log(req.url);
request evide ninnu varunnu enn nokkan
2. Body parsing
app.use(express.json());
JSON data manassilaakkan
3. Authentication
Check user login
4. Error handling

app.use()
app.use() is used to add middleware in an Express application. Middleware means a function that runs between the request and the response.
Express-il app.use() middleware add cheyyan aanu use cheyyunnath. User request vannal, route response kodukkunnathinu munpe middleware run aakum.


Difference between app.use() and app.get()
app.use() runs for all HTTP methods and routes.
app.get() runs only for GET requests of a specific route.

Types of Middleware in Express
There are mainly 3 types:
1.Built-in Middleware
Middleware that comes already inside Express
No need to install anything
Examples:
app.use(express.json());
app.use(express.urlencoded({ extended: true }));
app.use(express.static('public'));
2.Application-level Middleware
Middleware created by us using app.use() or app.get()
Example:
app.use((req, res, next) => {
    console.log("Custom middleware");
    next();
});
Interview Answer:
Application-level middleware is created by the developer and applied using app.use() or route methods.
3.Third-party Middleware
Middleware installed using npm (external packages)
Example:
const cors = require('cors');
app.use(cors());
Interview Answer:
Third-party middleware are external packages like cors, morgan, etc., installed via npm and used in Express.

Order of Middleware Execution
Middleware in Express runs in the order it is defined (top → bottom).

express.json() and express.urlencoded()
express.json()-Middleware to read JSON data
express.urlencoded()-Middleware to read form data
express.json() is used to parse JSON request bodies, while express.urlencoded() is used to parse form data sent from HTML forms. Both are built-in middleware in Express and make the data available in req.body.

app.use(express.urlencoded({ extended: true }));
extended: true vechāl nested data object aayi convert cheyyum
extended: true allows Express to parse nested objects in form data, while extended: false only supports simple key-value pairs.

What is express.static() ?
express.static() is used to serve static files like HTML, CSS, JS, images.

What are Static Files?
Files that don’t change:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Images
fixed files (change aavatha files)
express.static() is a built-in middleware used to serve static files like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and images from a folder. It allows the browser to directly access these files without defining separate routes.
express.static() use cheythu oru folder-il ullatha ella files browser-il access cheyyan pattum

Serve static files in Express by setting up a public folder and using express.static() to access
HTML, CSS, and JS files.
Static files in Express are served using express.static() middleware. We create a public folder and place HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files inside it. Then Express makes these files accessible directly through the browser without defining separate routes.

What is a Router?
Router എന്നത് routes separate files ആയി divide ചെയ്യാൻ സഹായിക്കുന്ന system ആണ്
Router is a feature in Express used to organize routes into separate files. It helps make the application clean and manageable.
Router ഉപയോഗിച്ച് നമുക്ക് routes separate files ആക്കി manage ചെയ്യാം. ഇത് code clean ആക്കാനും easy maintain ചെയ്യാനും സഹായിക്കും.
const express = require('express');
const router = express.Router();
express.Router() → പുതിയ router object create ചെയ്യുന്നു

module.exports = router;
ഈ router പുറത്തേക്ക് export ചെയ്യുന്നു

const userRoutes = require('./users');
app.use('/users', userRoutes);
/users path വന്നാൽ users router handle ചെയ്യും

Why split routes?
We split routes into separate files to keep the code clean, organized, easy to maintain, and scalable. It also helps in team development.
routes separate files ആക്കുന്നത് code clean ആക്കാനും, easy maintain ചെയ്യാനും, വലിയ projects handle ചെയ്യാനും സഹായിക്കും

How to create separate route file?
We create a router using express.Router(), define routes using router methods, export it, and then import and use it in the main app using app.use().
express.Router() ഉപയോഗിച്ച് router create ചെയ്ത് routes define ചെയ്യാം, പിന്നെ export ചെയ്ത് main file-ൽ app.use() ഉപയോഗിച്ച് connect ചെയ്യാം

How do you export and import router?
We export the router using module.exports in the route file, then import it using require in the main file, and connect it using app.use().
router file-ൽ module.exports ഉപയോഗിച്ച് export ചെയ്ത്, main file-ൽ require ഉപയോഗിച്ച് import ചെയ്ത് app.use() ഉപയോഗിച്ച് connect ചെയ്യാം

What is mounting?
Mounting means attaching a router or middleware to a specific path using app.use().
Mounting എന്നത് router അല്ലെങ്കിൽ middleware ഒരു path-ലേക്ക് attach ചെയ്യുന്നതാണ്

What is “Mount with app.use()”?
app.use() = connect something to your app

When we use router:
app.use() = attach router to a path

Mount എന്നത്:
ഒരു router അല്ലെങ്കിൽ middleware ഒരു specific path-ലേക്ക് attach ചെയ്യുന്നത്

